All right welcome back my students so it's time for us to start returning to persist data into our table
in the database.
All right.
So here as you can see in the store method we are returning this data and we did this in The Last Lecture
OK.
So if you go back there and you try to submit something you get this data back.
Now we don't want to just return data.
We want to persist it to our database.
So this is super simple guys.
We create posts like we did before.
OK.
And then all we have to do is put the request in here.
All right.
So every every everything from the polls will go in the create method and it would be persisted to the
database.
Now let's comment that make sure that you have this on top.
All right.
The namespace already entered this.
All right of course you didn't see me because I did it before the lecture.
OK.
Well make sure that you have that there.
All right so you click on your.
There we go.
All right.
Make sure that's important right here.
Ok cool.
So that's one way of doing it let me show you another way of doing this.
I'm going to come in this out and what I'm going to do is I'm going to say I'm going to create an array
or a variable am going to put all that in.
There you go.
All right so now what I can do is kind of say this title and this is going to be good to their requests
.
Title like this.
All right.
And I can do this.
Post
quiz all done.
OK.
That's one way of doing it.
Let me show you the last way of doing it in doing this you can Stashie an object like this and you can
say pose is equal to requests.
Actually hold on.
Title is equal to requests.
Title.
And you can say those save done.
All right what's a preferred way of doing it well depends on what you're building.
All right.
The less lines the better for me so I'm going to leave this on right here.
They all work.
You can test it out.
Cool.
So once you have this there let's go back to the form real quick.
There we go.
And now the database is clean.
You go to the database real quick.
Make sure that you do a refresh array if you haven't done so already.
Go to the polls.
There is nothing there.
Let's persist something BHP Antar refresh and as you can see the record was created.
All right.
Beautiful.
Now the only problem with this is that if you saw they got redirected to the post page but there is
nothing there.
So we've got to we got to take care of that.
All right.
We'll do the next lecture.
Thank you guys.
And I'll see you then.
Bye bye.